Xiaoxiao, your parents are here
I've been clamoring for you downstairs
No, but they're downstairs and they're making noise.
It's not a way
Then I'll take a look.
Come and see everyone
How did I give birth to such an unfilial daughter?
When he got rich, he abandoned his parents
We provide him with food and drink
Raised him so big
He... he abandoned our parents
Come and judge us
If my parents weren't sick
We really can't help but ask our little sister to come
I didn't expect him to be prosperous now
Just deceive your parents
You say
How can there be such a child in the world?
How can there be such a heartless child?
Isn't this a white-eyed wolf?
If this were my child, I would definitely kill him
Yes, money also nourishes parents
Isn't this just a white-eyed wolf?
Dad?
Mom, what are you doing?